we are at Kingsley United Methodist
Church getting ready to replace some
windows these windows were done by the
congregation like about 15 years ago I
guess they didn't do a bad job they
freehand laid them but because we're
maniacs we're going to put these in one
piece we fabricated them and we are just
beginning our job here demolition and
everything yeah he's about eight feet in
the air we're taking out that wood frame
our County Fair ace you got your chance
that's Joe Kevin and Alan let's take a
minute watch a pro do his work that's
what Sergio's yes I wanted to question
the way we're driving r8 8/9 we'll enter
your questions right over the phone push
nope these windows we install the panels
in one piece 44 by 56 is there's the new
jobs that are available right now
there's a shortage of skilled windows
over here the congregation did about ten
years ago and they freehand laid a one
block at a time they didn't do a bad job
actually did a pretty decent job a
couple of things that could have did
different but for do-it-yourselfers
that's a good job
it's going to take a look inside right
up against it but without being right
your on-camera dick yeah yeah yeah hi
videotape and record a lot of stuff oh
and I had it out what I don't need in
there and I mean we've got me up hey
yeah you don't want to be on our website
oh come on stop there okay me and dick
ready go right on
all right I'll see you tomorrow okay
you